com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.PluginTemplateLifecycle
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.AnyaPluginTool
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKEditText
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$layout: int main_layout
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int darkButton
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int rounded_background
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int AppBaseTheme
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_disabled
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$string: int app_name
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinner
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int nav_radio
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$color: int light_salmon_pink
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$array: int display_units_values
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$id: int startButton
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int AppTheme
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int btn_gray
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$color: int darker_gray
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_launcher
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int button_background
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$array: int timer_length_entries
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$color: int mint_green
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$id: int pauseButton
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$color: int pale_silver
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$array: int timer_length_values
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSmall
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$id: int resetButton
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$id: int stopButton
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int UserInfoBarText
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int oxygen_mask
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$xml: int preferences
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$xml: int com_android_vending_archive_opt_out
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_start
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_reset
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$string: int app_desc
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$color: int white
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_selected
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_pause
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKPluginTheme
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int unpaddedButton
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int timer
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKTheme
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$id: int timerTextView
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int ic_stop
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$string: int plugin_preferences_title
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$string: int versionName
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$drawable: int new_dark_button_bg
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int ATAKSpinnerItem
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$array: int display_units_entries
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$style: int FullDropdownStyle
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$color: int black
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.R$dimen: int fontSize
com.aitech.atak.AnyaPlugin.plugin.PluginTemplateLifecycle: PluginTemplateLifecycle()
